[i] [me] [my]
are all aliases to 'i'

=== actions:===
 join part say tell restart seq session tag map group nick os traits


  * action:join:  
joins the specified channel
{{{
   !do $me:join[#channel1,#channel2]
}}}
   ->Joins the specified channels

  * action:part:  
parts channel.
{{{
   !do $me:part[#channel1,#channel2]
}}}
   ->parts the specified channels

{{{
    !do $me:part
}}}
   ->parts the current channel

  * action:say:  
sends something to specified channels or machines
{{{
    !do $i:say[I have a message:#newchan]
}}}

  * action:tell:  
sends something to specified channels or machines
{{{
    !do $i:tell[#newchan:I have a message]
}}}
    ->outputs 'I have a message' in #newchan

  * action:restart:  
restarts the hiveclient.
{{{
    !do $me:restart
}}}

  * action:seq:  
uses a given xxx.seq file as if the commands in that file is typed in.
{{{
    !do $me:seq[myact]
}}}

this loads the sequence file called myact.seq and executes it. Below is the syntax of the seq files.
*myact.seq*
{{{
puts 'using do in default channel'
 [
 !do hello
 !do $my:session[:channel]
 ]
 puts 'using do in #newchannel channel'
 [:channel => '#newchannel'
 !do $me:session[channel]
 ]
 puts 'using do in #new channel as user me'
 [:channel => '#new',:user => 'me'
 !do Hi $me:session[channel] $me:session[user]
 ]
 'done'
 ]
}}}

  * action:session:  
displays the session variables.
{{{
   !do $my:session[os]
}}}
shows the operating system.

  * action:tag:  
allows a tag to be made to the current system to identify it later.
{{{
   !do $me:tag[uniq]
   !do $my:tag
}}}

  * action:group:  
like tag, but allows a set of values to be added.

{{{
   !do $my:group[+uniq]
}}}
adds to the group

{{{
   !do $my:group[-uniq]
}}}
removes from the group

{{{
   !do $my:group[?uniq]
}}}
returns true if the group contains uniq.

  * action:map:  
like tag, but functions like a map.

{{{
   !do $my:map[addr:abc1234]
}}}
adds the key addr to the map with the specified value.

{{{
   !do $my:map[addr]
}}}
retrieves the value of the key addr.

{{{
   !do $my:map
}}}
returns all the keys stored.

 * action:nick | host | name:  
returns the name of the machine
{{{
   !do $my:name
   !do $my:nick
   !do $my:host
}}}


  * action:os:  
returns the operating system of the machine.
{{{
   !do $my:os
}}}

  * action:traits:  
returns the loaded traits.
{{{
   !do $my:map
}}}